{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs40\lang9 game rules\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 1.puzzle\par
\b0\fs24 A puzzle game is a type of game that challenges players to solve problems using logic, pattern recognition, or creativity. Puzzle games can be played alone or with multiple players, depending on the type of puzzle.\par
\par
\b 1. Number of Players\par
\b0 Single Player: Most puzzles are designed for 1 player (e.g., jigsaw puzzles, Sudoku).\par
Multiple Players: Some puzzles can be solved in teams or groups (e.g., escape room puzzles, crossword challenges).\par
Competitive Puzzle Games: Games like Scrabble, Tetris Battle, or Chess Puzzles involve multiple players competing for the best score.\par
\b 3. How to Play Puzzle Games\par
\b0 Each type of puzzle has its own rules, but the general goal is to solve a problem, complete a pattern, or arrange pieces correctly.\par
\par
Jigsaw Puzzles (Solo or Group)\par
Sort the pieces by edges and colors.\par
Build the border first (corners and edges).\par
Fill in the middle using color patterns and shapes.\par
Continue until the puzzle is complete.\par
Logic Puzzles (Sudoku, Crosswords, Riddles)\par
Read the problem carefully.\par
Use deduction and reasoning to fill in missing pieces.\par
Avoid contradictions; use trial and error if necessary.\par
Complete the puzzle within the given rules.\par
Word Puzzles (Scrabble, Anagrams, Word Search)\par
Form words using given letters.\par
Follow the word rules (Scrabble has a dictionary, crosswords use clues).\par
Earn points by making longer or more complex words.\par
Escape Room Puzzles (Team-based)\par
Find clues hidden in the room.\par
Solve riddles and unlock objects using logic.\par
Work as a team to escape within the time limit.\par
\b 4. General Rules of Puzzle Games\par
\b0 Follow the game-specific rules (e.g., Sudoku rules vs. jigsaw puzzle rules).\par
No external help (for competitive puzzles).\par
Time limits may apply (in escape rooms, Sudoku tournaments, or competitive Tetris).\par
Use problem-solving skills rather than guessing.\par
For multiplayer puzzles, take turns or work together.\par
\b\fs40 2.dart\par
\b0\fs24 Darts is a precision-based game where players throw small darts at a circular target (dartboard) to score points. It is played in bars, tournaments, and casual settings, requiring both skill and strategy.\par
\par
\b 1. Number of Players\par
\b0 Minimum Players: 1 (You can practice alone).\par
Standard Game: 2 players (1 vs. 1).\par
Teams: 2 vs. 2 or more (Doubles and team matches).\par
Casual Play: Any number of players can take turns.\par
\b 4. How to Play Darts (Basic 501 Game Rules)\par
\b0 Each player starts with 501 points.\par
Players take turns throwing 3 darts per round.\par
Subtract the score of the three darts from the total.\par
The goal is to reach exactly 0 points.\par
The last dart must land on a double or the bullseye.\par
If a player scores more than needed, the turn is void (called a "Bust").\par
The first player to reach 0 wins.\par
\b 5. Common Dart Game Variations\par
\b0 1. 501 or 301 (Most Popular Tournament Rules)\par
Players start with 501 (or 301) points and subtract their scores to exactly zero.\par
The last dart must be a double.\par
2. Cricket (Casual & Bar Game)\par
Players aim to hit numbers 15-20 and the bullseye three times each.\par
The goal is to "close out" numbers before the opponent while scoring more points.\par
3. Around the World\par
Players must hit numbers in order from 1 to 20, then the bullseye.\par
First player to complete the sequence wins.\par
4. Killer\par
Each player is assigned a random number.\par
They must hit that number three times to become a "killer".\par
After becoming a killer, they can target other players\rquote  numbers to eliminate them.\par
\b 6. Dart Rules & Fouls\par
\b0 Players must stand behind the throwing line (oche).\par
If a dart bounces off or falls, it does not count.\par
If a player scores too much on their final throw (Bust), the turn resets.\par
In official tournaments, players must throw within a time limit.\par
\b\fs40 3.hide and seek\par
\b0\fs24 Hide and Seek is a classic children\rquote s game played worldwide, where players hide while one person (the seeker) tries to find them. It\rquote s a fun and active game that encourages stealth, strategy, and observation skills.\par
\par
\b 1. Number of Players\par
\b0 Minimum Players: 2 (1 seeker, 1 hider).\par
Recommended Players: 3-10 players for a balanced game.\par
Maximum Players: No strict limit, but large games may require a bigger playing area.\par
\b 3. How to Play Hide and Seek\par
\b0 Game Setup\par
Choose a Seeker \f1\endash  One player is selected to count while others hide.\par
Set a Hiding Area \endash  Define clear boundaries (e.g., playground, house, backyard).\par
Designate a Safe Zone \endash  A "home base" where hiders can run to avoid being tagged.\par
Gameplay\par
The seeker closes their eyes and counts (e.g., from 10 to 50) while others hide.\par
Hiders find a hiding spot before the seeker finishes counting.\par
The seeker shouts "Ready or not, here I come!" and begins searching.\par
The seeker finds and tags hiders one by one.\par
If a hider reaches the safe zone without being tagged, they are safe.\par
The game ends when all hiders are found or safe.\par
\b 4. Rules of Hide and Seek\par
\b0 The seeker must count aloud with their eyes closed.\par
Hiders cannot change hiding spots after the seeker starts searching.\par
The game continues until all hiders are found or a time limit is reached.\par
No leaving the play area (players must hide within set boundaries).\par
If a hider reaches the safe zone before being tagged, they are safe.\par
\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 4.volly ball\par
\b0\fs24\lang9 Volleyball is a team sport where players hit a ball over a net to score points by landing the ball on the opponent\rquote s side. It requires teamwork, agility, and strategy.\par
\par
\b 1. Number of Players\par
\b0 Official Team (Indoor Volleyball): 6 vs. 6 (Total: 12 players on the court).\par
Beach Volleyball: 2 vs. 2 (Total: 4 players).\par
Casual Play: Any number of players can participate, as long as teams are balanced.\par
Substitutes: Each team can have 6 additional players in official matches.\par
\b 4. How to Play Volleyball\par
\b0 Game Setup\par
Two teams line up on opposite sides of the net.\par
A coin toss decides which team serves first.\par
Each team rotates players clockwise when they gain the serve.\par
Basic Gameplay\par
The server stands behind the baseline and serves the ball over the net.\par
The receiving team must pass, set, and attack within 3 touches.\par
The rally continues until:\par
The ball lands on the ground (point to the other team).\par
A team commits a foul or error.\par
The team that wins a rally scores a point (Rally Scoring System).\par
The first team to reach 25 points (win by 2) wins the set.\par
If the game goes to a deciding set (5th set), it is played up to 15 points.\par
\b 5. Volleyball Rules\par
\b0 Basic Rules\par
A team is allowed 3 touches per turn (pass, set, attack).\par
A player cannot hit the ball twice in a row (except on a block).\par
The ball must not touch the ground inside their court.\par
The ball must go over the net within the boundary lines.\par
Rotation Rule: Players must rotate clockwise after winning a serve.\par
Back-row players cannot attack in front of the 3m line.\par
Serving Rules\par
The ball must be served from behind the baseline.\par
The ball can touch the net but must land in play.\par
If a serve goes out of bounds, the other team gets a point.\par
Fouls & Violations\par
Net Touch: A player cannot touch the net while playing.\par
Double Hit: The same player cannot hit the ball twice in a row.\par
Carrying/Lifting: The ball must be hit cleanly, not held or carried.\par
Foot Fault: The server\rquote s foot must not touch the baseline before serving.\par
\b 6. How to Win the Game\par
\b0 The first team to win 3 out of 5 sets (or 2 out of 3 sets in a shorter game) wins.\par
Each set is played to 25 points, but a team must win by 2 points.\par
If the match reaches the final set, it is played to 15 points (win by 2).\par
\fs22\par
}
 